# Meeting 5
Time:  15 April, 2022, 10:00-11:20\
Participants: Joris LEFONDEUR, Yinghan LING\
Location: Online via Discord\
Documented by Yinghan LING.
## Preparation and Risk Management
As the appointment set, we spent the first half an hour waiting for our third teammate Pol, but he did not show up. Since he did not show signs of progresses on the project, we decided to keep trying to contact him. On the other hand, while waiting for his response, Yinghan will work on some of his tasks including making the player and the environment where the player can walk around, because without them getting done, her own task is hard to start. 

## Progress and Project Management
Joris has been working on the graphic user interface, the UML of the project, and the application of GitHub Project to manage our program. He also shared a source website where we get Pokémon sprites for free. [the VG Resource](https://www.spriters-resource.com/ds_dsi/pokemonplatinum/)\
We will make another branch named "develop" where we make the game, and we will merge it to the main branch once the functionality is "mature" enough after each sprint. \
As discussed before, we will use GitHub to manage our projects since it integrates our project issues and the pull requests, which will be presented on the project board. The kanban board of the project can visualize the progress of the program, as specific as it is to each commit. We revised the issues that we made last time and re-assigned them to different assignees. In this way, everyone has a clear clue of what they need to do for the next week
Taking advantage of these functionalities of GitHub, we will be able to manage our conveniently and efficiently.\



