# Meeting 6
Time:  22 April, 2022, 20:00-21:15\
Participants: Joris LEFONDEUR, Yinghan LING\
Location: Online via Discord\
Documented by Yinghan LING.
## Progress
**Joris** has developed the UI of the project, which included the main menu, save-and-quit options menu, Pokédex, their transition effects. etc. He has also completed the Pokédex with 14 professors' profiles in it.\

**Yinghan** has worked on making the NPCs and a small part of making the ground, as they depend on each other to some degree.

## Difficulties & Solutions
- One of the biggest difficulties is the connection between our respective parts. To be specific, the scale of canvas designed by Joris was huge for the central camera, and also for the NPC of Yinghan's, so the figures can hardly be recognized by human eyes on the interfaces. Without solving this problem, it blocked Yinghan from building anything on the project that Joris already developed.\
We compared the source materials and tutorials we learned from and tried to figure out the cause to this problem together. We found out that the reason was that Yinghan's sprites were not UI images while Joris' were. It took us quite some time to solve it by adding the Sprites of the NPC in the frame of the camera.\
In this sense, our tasks are relatively independent, and it wouldn't be hard to connect them together anymore.

- Another problem was the organization of hierarchy of Unity and the folders. Since working on Unity does not demand much coding, there is not many chances to write comments to explain our intention with what we created. As we had our own way to organize the documents, it was hard to understand what exactly our teammate wanted to do with the object or the file they created.\
The solution was simple: just talk to each other for some clarification. This kind of problem is quick to solve, but the answer needs to be timely. In order to handle this problem, we will have smaller talks with each other face to face before or after our classes, that will probably last for 5 minutes, but more frequency.

## Preparation for the First Sprint
**Joris**: will demonstrate his result on the UI and the Pokédex. Since there's no tests done on the project yet, we will not cover that part.
**Yinghan**: will continue making the player, a NPC and a part of the ground for the next 3 days and present them on the first sprint. we can also talk about our plan for the second sprint.

## Risk Management
Since our other teammate has not participated to the project recently, we will shrink our project down to one major functionality, which is to catch the Poképroves as a collection. The ultimate goal is to have this game running properly. After the first sprint, we will re-arrange the tasks and divide them for a team of two with manageable workload per person.