# Meeting 4
Time:  4 April, 2022, 10:00-11:30.\
Participants: Joris LEFONDEUR, Kol KIHN, Yinghan LING\
Location: Online via Discord\
Documented by Yinghan LING.
## Previous Problem
We discussed the problem we had so far, and made it clear that the screen size of the game was: Google Pixel 4. 
## Tasks Listing
According to the functionalities we design for the game, we made a list of tasks that we needed to complete and created their issues on GitHub. \
Tasks include: create first character, make the first room, build the first NPC, implement sound effect, implement UI, construct Pokédex, draw UML, build the first quest, implement the functionality of capturing a Poképrof, make Pokéball vending function, build an inventory system, make a map for the whole game, make all the other NPCs, the other rooms, and the other quests.\
Above is only all the issues we can come up with so far, we will need to add up more while developing the project.

## Tasks for the First Game
The goal of the very first game is very simple: getting a NPC walking around in the room. To do that, we sort out the tasks we needed to accomplished from the list we made above, and we assigned the tasks accordingly.\
Pol: To make the first game run, we need to implement the room, make the first player/character, make a Pokéball, make a NPC, make a Pokédex. Except the last one, the first four tasks are integrated together, so we cannot separate them.\
Joris: I will continue making my Pokédex.\
Pol: I will do the first group of the tasks. Then Yinghan can do UML and then the room quest.\
Yinghan: I think it is better that everyone draws their own UML since they know better what they are gonna code.\
Pol: True.\

In sum, the grouping and tasks assignation is as follows:\
Pol:
- environment: the room where a Poképrof walks around.
- make the player
- make a Pokéball 
- create a NPC

Joris:
- make Pokédex, which displays the status and the information of Poképroves.
Yinghan:
- make a quest. The first time the player gets close to a Poképrof, he/she will ask the player to make greetings. Once this task is finished, the Poképrof will tell them that it's done.