# Meeting 3
Time: 1 April 2022, 20:00-21:00.\
Participants: Joris LEFONDEUR, Yinghan LING\
Location: Online via Discord\
Documented by Yinghan LING.
## Content
### Graphics Design
Joris shared the graphical resources that he found, and we made decisions about graphical design for the Poképrof and Pokéball.
- Non-player Character: To represent a none-player character (NPC) in the game, such as a Poképrof, we use a small persona that can walk around in the setting, or the room. With the sprites generators we found, we can add details, such as hair colors, clothing, to distinguish different NPCs. 
	- Corresponding resources we found include: a character sprites generator that can be run and edited in Gimp; **[Universal LPC Sprites Generator](https://sanderfrenken.github.io/Universal-LPC-Spritesheet-Character-Generator/#?body=Humanlike_white&sex=male).**
- Pokédex & Pokéball: We choose a color to represent a department of FSTM, and this applies to the design of Pokédex and Pokéball. Pokédex is a list of collection of the Poképroves with their information, including their status (captured or not), names, affiliation, etc. In the Pokédex, the card color corresponds to the affiliation of the Poképrof.\
Besides, in terms of Pokéballs, we add two red bars on them to differentiate the head of each departments from the others. Sample of Pokédex cards as follows (designed by Joris LEFONDEUR): \
![pokedex](https://github.com/Group-2-SEP-2022/PokeProf/blob/master/meeting-reports/resources/cards-pokedex.png)

### GitHub Re-organization
We re-organized GitHub by changing the naming and the branches.\
- Branches: Joris said that the main branch is where we should put our final project, therefore we should have other branches where we store the functionalities that we are currently working on, and put them into the main branch once they are ready.\
Yinghan believed that it would caused a lot of conflicting code if we worked on different branches, and that we should all start with the main branch for the basic functionalities.\
Eventually Joris created another branch and name it as "develop" and the main branch as "master". 
- Naming: Originally the meeting reports were named as "Meeting Report" + meeting number. Joris suggested to name them by dates and topic because this method can include more information. Yinghan thought that the main topic of a meeting report was hard to summarize, since a meeting often contained many subjects.\
We gave it a try of the titles Joris proposed.

## Future Topics for the Next Discussion
We also prepared for the subjects we needed to talk about and the problems we needed solve in the next group meeting. Tasks list is as follows:
Tasks List
- [ ] Project Backlog
- [ ] Sprint Backlog
- [ ] Integration
- [ ] Unity Configuration
- [ ] Task Division