# Meeting 9
Time:  16 May, 2022, 16:00-16:30\
Participants: Joris LEFONDEUR, Yinghan LING\
Location: Online via Discord\
Documented by Yinghan LING.
## Progress
We basically finished the major tasks we needed to do in the last week. What we need to complete is the details, which include adjusting the layout of the tile map so that the player or a NPC will not be stuck in some area, limiting the camera and the player inside certain boundary so they will not get out of the map, and slightly modifying the main menu, etc.\
**Animation:** We also need to improve the animation and the movement of the NPCs. Now the NPCs can walk around in certain area, but their animation does not match the movement. Therefore, we need to connect the NPCs' animation and movement so their walks are more vivid.\
**Testing:** Joris has tested the game on the phones with his friends and it went well. So far we do not foresee further issues running this game on cellphones. Its performance is as good as it is in the simulator of Unity.\
**Sound Effect:** Since we still have a little time, Joris will try to implement simple sound effect. That is, once the player enter the game, the background music will be on.

## Preparation for the Second Sprint
We talked about what we would present in the second sprint. We both agreed that the live demonstration of the project will be the major part. Yinghan would walk the audiences through the outdoors part of the game, while Joris would present the quest and the Pokédex, and then he would proceed to the indoors where all the departments are. Before the live demo, we would also brief about what we have done since last sprint. 